feat(changelog): apple-silicon-added-macos-sequoia-15-available 2024-10-09 (#3816)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/october2024/2024-10-09-apple-silicon-added-macos-sequoia-15-available.mdx

---
title: macOS Sequoia 15 available 
status: added
author:

>     fullname: 'Join the #[xxx] channel on Slack.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    fullname: 'Join the #apple-silicon channel on Slack.'
```

    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-10-09
category: bare-metal
product: apple-silicon
---

> macOS Sequoia 15 is now available for installation on Mac min M2 pro!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
macOS Sequoia 15 is now available for installation on Mac mini M2 Pro!
```
